Make RECIPES metadata drive (#167)
Biogen-Inc/tidyCDISC: vignettes/dev04_RECIPES.Rmd

The `data` element denotes which data set provided is being used to create the block. The `variable` element denotes the field or parameter from the data set used for the block's statistical computation. The `statistic` element denotes which statistic is being calculated for the field/parameter.

A few other elements can also be present within a `block` object. The `recipes.json` file contains a couple more: `stat_arg` and `stat_options_fn`.  Currently no other elements have usage in the application, but active development will be changing this soon.

## The parsing of `recipes.json`

### The table object

As stated previously, the key/name of the table object in `recipes.json` is assigned as a class when pulling the table object into R. This class is used to determine how the pre-filtering should be completed in the functions `filter_adsl()` and `filter_adae()`. New outputs can be created for a hypothetical table with key `tbl_01` by defining `filter_adsl.tbl_01()` and `filter_adae.tbl_01()`.

The key/name of the table object will also be used to define the option in the recipe select input in the application.

### The `blocks` object

> There is one additional sub-object not yet mentioned, the `recipe_inclusion` object, which can assign a class to the `blocks` object. The standard inclusion criteria is for all data sets in a `blocks` object to be present in the list of data sets uploaded and for all variables listed in the `block` objects to be present in the data set identified with them. Assigning a value to `recipe_inclusion` can affect the rules for inclusion in the recipes select input HTML element. If a user had a special set of criteria, they could assign `crit_01` to `recipe_inclusion` and assign the function `recipe_inclusion.crit_01()` to determine the criteria.

Reviewer: I think this paragraph deserves an example. I saw below that it's associated with table 41, but I'm still not sure I understand what it does. What's an example for your example on `crit_01`? lol

### The `block` object

> Currently only one potential class is being assigned to the `block` object and it is the value of element `stat_options_fn`. For certain statistics, such as `MEAN`, a drop down is provided in the statistic block (e.g. `AVISIT` values for `MEAN`). In the event the user wants a block to output multiple weeks, they can provide a value for `stat_options_fn` and its corresponding function (i.e. A value of `opt_01` would correspond to `stat_options.opt_01()`). The user could also opt to hard code these values using the element `stat_options`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, only one potential class is being assigned to the `block` object and it is the value of element `stat_options_fn`. If you recall, when the `MEAN` statistic is selected in the app, a dropdown list is displayed containing different `AVISIT` values. Thus, if the user wants a block to output multiple weeks, they can provide those values to `stat_options_fn`. Its corresponding function ( for example, with value of `Baseline` would correspond to `stat_options.Baseline()`). The user could also opt to hard code these values using the element `stat_options`.
```

Reviewer: I tried to provide a more concrete example instead of using the `_01` method. How did I do?

> The element `stat_arg` is used to determine the input for a statistic with a drop down. These two elements together can allow the user to create multiple generated blocks with only one `block` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, the element `stat_arg` is used to determine the input for a statistic with a drop down. Paired with `stat_options_fn`, these two elements together can allow the user to create multiple generated blocks with only one `block` object.
```
